
To install Superheroes APP


Go to Heroku is an online service that lets you run applications on the Internet.

Signing up for Heroku

Visit heroku.com and sign up for an account,
it's free.

Next, install Download Heroku Toolbelt @

https://toolbelt.heroku.com/

Once installed, you can use the heroku command from your command shell.
Log in using the email address and password you used when creating your Heroku account:

heroku login
Enter your Heroku credentials.
Email: zeke@example.com
Password:

Authenticating is required to allow both the heroku and git commands to operate.

Prepare the app

In this step, you will prepare a simple application that can be deployed.
To clone the sample application so that you have a local version of the code that you can then deploy to Heroku, execute the following commands in your local command shell or terminal:

$ git clone https://github.com/heroku/node-js-getting-started.git
$ cd node-js-getting-started

You now have a functioning git repository that contains a simple application as well as a package.json file, which is used by Node’s dependency manager.

Deploy the app

In this step you will deploy the app to Heroku.
Create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code.

$ heroku create

Creating sharp-rain-871... done, stack is cedar-14
http://sharp-rain-871.herokuapp.com/ | https://git.heroku.com/sharp-rain-871.git
Git remote heroku added

When you create an app, a git remote (called heroku) is also created and associated with your local git repository.
Heroku generates a random name (in this case sharp-rain-871) for your app, or you can pass a parameter to specify your own app name.

Now deploy your code:

$ git push heroku master

Counting objects: 343, done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (224/224), done.
Writing objects: 100% (250/250), 238.01 KiB, done.
Total 250 (delta 63), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Compressing source files... done.
remote: Building source:
remote:
remote: -----> Node.js app detected
remote:
remote: -----> Creating runtime environment
remote:
remote:        NPM_CONFIG_LOGLEVEL=error
remote:        NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION=true
remote:        NODE_MODULES_CACHE=true
remote:
remote: -----> Installing binaries
remote:        engines.node (package.json):  5.9.1
remote:        engines.npm (package.json):   unspecified (use default)
remote:
remote:        Downloading and installing node 5.9.1...
remote:        Using default npm version: 2.7.4
       ....
remote: -----> Build succeeded!
remote:        ├── ejs@2.4.1
remote:        └── express@4.13.3
remote:
remote: -----> Discovering process types
remote:        Procfile declares types -> web
remote:
remote: -----> Compressing... done, 9.4MB
remote: -----> Launching... done, v8
remote:        http://sharp-rain-871.herokuapp.com deployed to Heroku

To https://git.heroku.com/nameless-savannah-4829.git
 * [new branch]      master -> master

The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running:

$ heroku ps:scale web=1

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website as follows:

$ heroku open

Enjoy !!
